TODO, in no particular order

Things to do for V1.1 and beyond:

1.  Need to figure out some way to validate so that only one version of a product can be the base version. Need to have
something that updates a base_version_id field in the product record when a base version is selected for a product. That
way I can get the base version with 2 queries instead of 3.

3. Maybe for the trips main picture, I could use a google map with marked launch and takeout spots.

4. On trip images, drop the caption area to below the image, not over the bottom bit

5. On trips, add "next trip" and "previous trip" links

6. Need to work up some way of having height adjust for the #products .slides_container for when images don't fill up the
whole 350 px box.

7. See about adding something like this so dad can edit static stuff: https://github.com/browsermedia/browsercms

8. Add something that will parse links out of text, and display them as links. Maybe a format like such: ahref{link here || text here}

9. Provide a way to change contact info.

10. Have some sort of little 'edit' icon show up next to things dad can edit, if he's logged in. Maybe try to set up best_in_place
gem for this. Railscast episode 302

11. Figure out some way of editing the paddlers and the kayaks they took on a trip. Right now I have that as being uneditable. I think I
might be able to fix this by seeing if there are paddler_kayak values, and if so, then set up the fields in the form.

12. Find a better place for the partners, and make it so Dad can edit them. Maybe just have it so adding/removing manufacturers
will add them to the partners list. Each partner name should be a link that takes user to a products page that shows all
the products we carry by that manufacturer

13. Get rid of Show link on admin/index pages and anywhere else I have those tables, (such as manufacturers/products) and make
the name of the product/event/image/etc. be a link to the show page.

14. Set up a destroy button in admin/index pages and also on the show pages.

15. Want to see if I can design a graphic where the twitter bird is paddling a kayak. For wherever I put the
 "Follow us on Twitter" bit

16. Add display pages for accessories. Right now there are only display pages for kayaks

17. Create custom 404, 422 and 500 pages. Maybe 422 can be a picture of a kayak locked up. 500 can be a sinking kayak. 404
can be a kayak on open water with noone in it, with link back to home page.

18. Set up all assets in the asset pipeline.

19. Might be really nice to have a filter on the various admin index pages, such that I could pick "Products" from a dropdown
on the Images index page and only see product images.

20. Update gems/rails

21. Figure out why running rake tasks is causing segfaults.

MAYBE I'll do these things:

1. Add a little bio field to Paddler model
